  DATE         AUTHOR         WHAT WAS UPDATED?
-----------------------------------------------
1) March 2     Chris        Created the Company model in thursdays/models.py
                            Created the register form in thursdays/forms.py
                            Tested the model/form in thursdays/urls.py & thursdays/views.py

2) March 3     Austin       Altered base.html and changed alert alert-danger to alert alert-success
                            Added new mymindpizza email credentials to settings.py
                            Registered Company model in thursdays/admin.py
                            Added is_registered boolean to thursdays/models.py.Company
                            Created __str__ definition and began class Meta for Company model
                            Added activation and deactivation urls to thursdays/urls.py
                            Defined ThursdayCreateView in thursdays/views.py
                                - This class assigns the company to their requested date, but does not display the
                                  date as "BOOKED" until the activation link is selected in the email sent to the host.
                                  If the deactivation link is selected, the users information, excluding media, is de-
                                  leted from the database
                                - Added the respective activation and deactivation methods, will document source later
                            Altered thursday_list.html to check for a true is_registered boolean
                            Altered thursday/models.py so both models have Foreign Keys
                            Altered views to correctly adjust the assigned companies and pmm_dates
                            Added functionality for confirmation/denial emails
                            Added functionality so when the host confirms one PMM registration, all other companies who
                                requested to register for that date are emailed that they were denied.
                            Began documentation.

3) March 4     Austin       Added scheduled boolean field to Thursday model and adjusted the views.py file accordingly.
                            Added more email functionality to activate method in thursday/views.py

4) March 6     Chris        Added the base logic for the detail page.
                            Updated the thursday_list.html page so that the "booked" dates are now forms that redirect
                                to the detail page. This was the only way I thought of when I thought about how to send
                                which date is being requested.
                            Added thursday_detail to views.py which gets the date from the request (slices the string)
                                Gets the correct Thursday object and the Company object associated with that Thursday
                            Added the Thursday/Company variables to thursday_detail.html to test if the data was being
                                shown correctly. Will beautify it later.
                            Added the thursday_detail url to urls.py
                            Added myself as an Admin and created Panera and March 6, 2018 in the DB so I could test that
                                stuff was working
                            Moved the particles.js file from thursday_list.html to base.html, this could be reversed if
                                particles are only desired on the list page and not every page on the site. Also, that
                                was all I did, so the content is not set up correctly.

5) March 9     Chris        Edited the front end on base.html so that the content would be inside of the particles
                            Edited the form display on thursday_form.html
                            There is a problem when the user makes a smaller window - the information overflows vertically
                                Not a quick fix, so I will look into it more later...

6) March 15th  Austin       Added email functionality to the deactivate method to account for a company being completely
                            denied

7) March 18th  Chris        Edited the front end on base.html, thursday_detail.html, and thursday_form.html
                            The detail page is closer to a finished product, but still needs design work.
                            Cleaned up the css on each page where it was messy.
                            Still need to fix the form page problem when the viewport is small

8) March 24th Austin        Began doing research for styling the Admin page. Within the project templates folder I
                            created an admin folder. If you go into the django docs on github,
                            https://github.com/django/django/tree/master/django/contrib/admin/templates/admin ,
                            we can copy the file names to override them within our project. For example,
                            I added a base_site.html file and simply changed the Login Header to "Pizza My Mind" so now
                            whenever we sign into the admin page it shows Pizza My Mind on the login box.
                            Now we can just keep taking the pre-built django files and alter them to make the site look
                            pretty. Video i used as reference: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dZxEA6Hwr4A&t=355s

9) March 24th Chris         Fixed the footer issue. It now stays at the bottom of the page regardless of the amount of
                            content. Began work on the form's css, but the footer took up a lot of my time. Will continue
                            work on the form later. Made changes to forms.py because I plan on moving away from the
                            bootstrap tags and using bootstrap classes and my own css

10) March 25th Chris        Design on the form is complete. Now it is centered and responsive and shtuff. There are labels
                            for all of the inputs. There are asterisks next to the required fields. If other fields are
                            required then asterisks can be added to those. The description label might need to be changed
                            to the questions that Claire wants. Edited base.html and other html files to make it cleaner,
                            e.g. put the <section> tag in base.html to remove it from all the children css files and have
                            it in one place. Added a rough "about" page.

11) March 27th Austin       Added a field to the Thursday model labeled "is_currently_available." This field will be
                            default set to True when a Thursday object is created and then whenever the Archive button
                            (still have to make this) is hit, all of the dates who are currently available have this
                            field set to False. The ListView will only display Thursdays who have this field as True.

12) April 3rd Austin        Changed the URL for the admin site to CURRENT_ADMIN_SITE, we can eventually change this to
                            some encrypted text and give it to Claire after deployment. Did some work with editing the
                            front end for the admin site. Added a module called 'django-admin-honeypot' that can load
                            a fake Admin Login Screen to the old admin/ URL.

                            UPDATE: it works. I had to go into the files and edit some imports because some are outdated,
                            but this module will load a dummy page on the old /admin page and if anyone attempts to login
                            it will email the admin, me in this case, and display their entered username, IP address,
                            timestamp, and then it displays a link that can also show us the type of device they used to
                            attempt a login.

                            Added the fake honeypot URL to the master urls.py file

13) April 5th Austin/Chris  Decided to stop editing the admin page and found out how to verify the person on the site
                            by the is_superuser tag. Because the Admins are the only ones who are technically "users",
                            we can allow specific functionality based on this variable. We added a dummy button to the
                            listview to showcase that it works. When we sign out of the admin page, effectively signing
                            our admin out of the site, the button disappears.

14) April 6th Austin        Archive button is functional. I added a form into the listview that only superusers can see.
                            It sends a POST request to the archive method in the views.py file and iterates through
                            any Thursday model objects that are 'currently_available' and sets this value to False.
                            This then takes it off the homepage. It also uses an iterator so it can query faster.

15) April 10th              Updating the Thursdays is now functional. I added another form specifically for updating so
                            we can grab the data from the kwargs easier. There is also a page so we can view all of the
                            thursdays that have ever been entered. The update view also has functionality so if the
                            admin goes in and clears the name of the company appearing, the PMM date is now available.
                            This displays correctly on the screen. Added a pop up confirmation box to the archive button
                            so admins cannot accidentally archive current dates. Should we add a function for reverting?

16) Austin                  added environment variables to manage.py file

17) April 13th Chris        Fixed navbar and added pizza my mind pizza logo to the navbar_brand. Changed the base.html
                            navbar links to be more concise. Put "sign up" link in thursday_list, can be put back in
                            base.html if it should be visible from the about page or such. "Sign up" link in navbar
                            only shows up if there are thursdays to sign up for.

18) April 13th Austin       updated the about view to be a CBV. Just for extra security I added a LoginRequiredMixin
                            and decorator to any views Clare uses to assure people cannot accidentally stumble upon them.

19) April 15th Austin       Made the Archive CBV, have not tested or hooked it up, but its there

20) April 17th Austin       When hovering over PMM dates on the homepage they change colors, we can change the color to
                            and add any effects we decide on

21) April 20th Chris        Created the create thursdays template, view, and form. Currently it adds one day to the db at
                            a time. The front end has functionality to dynamically add and remove text input fields. I found
                            a website/tutorial for forms with a variable amount of fields so I will focus on making that
                            functionality work tomorrow. Currently the dates need to be typed in the 'yyyy-mm-dd'. We can
                            change this in the future if a different form is required.

22) April 21st Chris        Create Thursdays page now handles a dynamic number of form inputs. __init__ was overwritten to
                            handle the extra dates dynamically. Moved pmm image above the table on thursday_list. Created
                            skeleton page for contact_us. We need to design it / decide exactly what to put on it. Fixed
                            toolbar issue on detail page. Little bit of redesign on there as well. Moved previous dates link
                            to thursday_list instead of base page.

23) April 21st Austin       Fixed the listing page so it displays the company names instead of BOOKED. Added a required
                            checkbox to the form page for registration that must be checked in order to proceed with
                            registration.

24) April 30th Chris        Added image and information to About page. UI fix to create thursdays form. Added line 135 to
                            the views file so html can be used for emails. If that works then we can use it for the confirm
                            and deny emails.

25) May 2nd Austin          Added functionality so if the superusers submit the form to schedule a thursday it
                            automatically registers the entered company. This will be the way PCSE can manually add
                            companies into the system.
